well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh my
concerns
with a possible biden administration
well one of them really
one big one
the binding campaign picked up a pretty
cool endorsement
scientific american
endorsed joe biden for president that's
weird to say
it's weird to say because
they've never endorsed anybody for
president
and they've been around 175 years
so what's that mean does it mean
that a biden presidency will
usher us into an era of scientific
enlightenment
or does it mean that the trump
administration was really just
that bad that they felt compelled
to break with 175 years of tradition
if you read the endorsement it's pretty
obvious
which of those two it is
doesn't heap much praise on biden
it reads like an indictment of president
trump
a fair one let's be real clear on that
and that's my concern my concern
is that people will view a biden win
as uh the end of the fight
when in reality it's the beginning
biden's damage control that's
it maybe
he can stick his finger in the hole in
the levee
but the levee still got a hole in it
we still have to fix the system
all of the inequities all the problems
that exist in the united states today
will exist the day after joe biden takes
office
if he wins they're still going to be
there
and it is unlikely that the dc
establishment will fix them
it's got to be you and me has to be
those of us on the bottom
we have to stay active
abiding victory isn't the end of the
fight
it's the bugle sounding the charge
that's when we have to go on the
initiative
it's when we have to seize the
initiative and and move forward
and try to create the change that is so
necessary in this country
trump didn't appear out of nowhere
and the problems that he highlighted
through his incompetence and corruption
they've always been there they've always
been there
he was just too arrogant to conceal them
so a large portion of the united states
who never really saw
got to see it
we have to keep moving
a biden victory is not a victory for the
little guy
not a total victory it's just damage
control
if you want to change this country
if you want to create a fair and just
system
if you want to have liberty and justice
for all
the fight doesn't end when he takes
office
that's when it begins
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day